WorkingNotes.md, before:

Thurs, 10/5

NEXT STEPS:

- Figure out why I am pulling less data from API per object (15 items vs 100)
  ** might be an extra parameter like "limit=500" needed
    SOLUTION: The 16th representative in House doesn't even have a field for missed_votes_pct
- Pursue SavedReps Activity (break code from SearchCongressActivity into RepListFragment??)


---
Wed, 10/4

NEXT STEPS:

- Adjust Rep model to hold phone, email, website, # missed votes, next election, missed votes %, votes with party %, total votes (no bills sponsored stats tho)
  **This can actually come from the API list Call, Yeah!!

- Create API call to populate RepDetail portion for voting stats

- NEED VOTE_LIST_ITEM XML LAYOUT
- NEED GET VOTES method called within RepDetailFragment to call the FindVotes() method within ProPublicaService


---
Tues, 10/3

NEXT STEPS:
- Link up Rep ArrayList from API call to RecyclerView Adapter to display on screen
- Break out a RepListFragment from SearchCongressActivity  XXX

- RepDetailActivity & Fragment (will need new API call from all the votes by rep)

- API info on votes needed:
 - member_id (to call the API)
 - results -> votes -> question (concat this with "description" so it is something "on passage of make america secure appropriations act")
 - results -> votes -> description
 - results -> votes -> position (yes, no, absent?)
 - results -> votes -> date (when they voted)
 - results -> votes -> bill -> bill_id (so people can google this if needed for more research)


** If possible might be good to do 2 API calls for RepDetail
1. Get Specific Member bio (stats like contact info, # bills sponsored, # bills co-sponsored, title, party, % votes with party, # missed votes)
2. Get Voting History on Specific bills

---
Mon, 10/2

- Setup project
- Write Out README & Specs
- Play around with Postman and API calls to confirm data retrieval capabilities
- Write out a Fragment (for Main Activity) that returns a list of Congress Members to display
  (can retrieve all in either Senate or House, or retrieve by State in Senate or House)

POSSIBLE INITIAL WORKFLOW:
- Main (search Congress or View Saved Reps List - 2 buttons)
- SearchCongressActivity spits up a huge ArrayList after 2 API calls for House and Senate (same ArrayList though)
- A filter field allows user to narrow down list by name or state

INITIAL WORKFLOW (prior to Saved Rep List):
- Main (search by Senate or House)
- House Search (List All Reps and Button to Search by State)
- House State Search
- Senate Search (List All Reps and Button to Search by State)
- Senate State Search


- Potential APIs:
 - ProPublica - https://www.propublica.org/datastore/api
    KEY: xzqwp0Af8w6THZ9mlEzTkNqIcd4R6Ryrkr8jl9Xy  (in Postman: put this in Header as "X-API-Key", not in Params!)
 - Google - https://developers.google.com/civic-information/
 - GovTrack - https://www.govtrack.us/developers/api

----
RepTracker
    —

    User Stories:

    User must be able to see a list of current reps by state OR
    User must be able to search for a rep by name or state.
    User must be able to select a current rep, and see a list of their votes for each bill.
    User must be able to flag (or save) a rep so they can have quick access to their voting record.
    Each vote on the list should open a detail page with expanded info on summary of bill, date, further details and how rep voted.
    Detail page for each rep??


    Android Files Needed:

    Activities:
    - Login
    - Create Account
    - Main (Search for reps)
    - Saved Reps List
    - Bill Detail
    - Rep Detail (shows list of votes)

    Fragments:
    - Rep List Fragment (used in both Find Rep and Saved Reps when listed)
    - Bill Detail Fragment
    - Rep Detail Fragment (used in both Find Rep and Saved Reps once tapped)

    Services:
    - Vote API

    Adapters:
    - Rep List Adapter
    - Rep Pager Adapter
    - Firebase Rep View Holder?
    - Firebase Rep List Adapter?


    Models:
    - Vote
    - Bill ?
    - Rep (name, congressId, state, chamber)

Commit message:

add working notes, found a similar issue in JSON data for congressional bills/votes - no nomination value

WorkingNotes.md, after:

Thurs, 10/5

NEXT STEPS:

- Look into Bill numbers stopping, looks like "no value for nomination" (similar JSON error as with reps)
- Figure out why I am pulling less data from API per object (15 items vs 100)
  ** might be an extra parameter like "limit=500" needed
    SOLUTION: The 16th representative in House doesn't even have a field for missed_votes_pct
- Pursue SavedReps Activity (break code from SearchCongressActivity into RepListFragment??)


---
Wed, 10/4

NEXT STEPS:

- Adjust Rep model to hold phone, email, website, # missed votes, next election, missed votes %, votes with party %, total votes (no bills sponsored stats tho)
  **This can actually come from the API list Call, Yeah!!

- Create API call to populate RepDetail portion for voting stats

- NEED VOTE_LIST_ITEM XML LAYOUT
- NEED GET VOTES method called within RepDetailFragment to call the FindVotes() method within ProPublicaService


---
Tues, 10/3

NEXT STEPS:
- Link up Rep ArrayList from API call to RecyclerView Adapter to display on screen
- Break out a RepListFragment from SearchCongressActivity  XXX

- RepDetailActivity & Fragment (will need new API call from all the votes by rep)

- API info on votes needed:
 - member_id (to call the API)
 - results -> votes -> question (concat this with "description" so it is something "on passage of make america secure appropriations act")
 - results -> votes -> description
 - results -> votes -> position (yes, no, absent?)
 - results -> votes -> date (when they voted)
 - results -> votes -> bill -> bill_id (so people can google this if needed for more research)


** If possible might be good to do 2 API calls for RepDetail
1. Get Specific Member bio (stats like contact info, # bills sponsored, # bills co-sponsored, title, party, % votes with party, # missed votes)
2. Get Voting History on Specific bills

---
Mon, 10/2

- Setup project
- Write Out README & Specs
- Play around with Postman and API calls to confirm data retrieval capabilities
- Write out a Fragment (for Main Activity) that returns a list of Congress Members to display
  (can retrieve all in either Senate or House, or retrieve by State in Senate or House)

POSSIBLE INITIAL WORKFLOW:
- Main (search Congress or View Saved Reps List - 2 buttons)
- SearchCongressActivity spits up a huge ArrayList after 2 API calls for House and Senate (same ArrayList though)
- A filter field allows user to narrow down list by name or state

INITIAL WORKFLOW (prior to Saved Rep List):
- Main (search by Senate or House)
- House Search (List All Reps and Button to Search by State)
- House State Search
- Senate Search (List All Reps and Button to Search by State)
- Senate State Search


- Potential APIs:
 - ProPublica - https://www.propublica.org/datastore/api
    KEY: xzqwp0Af8w6THZ9mlEzTkNqIcd4R6Ryrkr8jl9Xy  (in Postman: put this in Header as "X-API-Key", not in Params!)
 - Google - https://developers.google.com/civic-information/
 - GovTrack - https://www.govtrack.us/developers/api

----
RepTracker
    —

    User Stories:

    User must be able to see a list of current reps by state OR
    User must be able to search for a rep by name or state.
    User must be able to select a current rep, and see a list of their votes for each bill.
    User must be able to flag (or save) a rep so they can have quick access to their voting record.
    Each vote on the list should open a detail page with expanded info on summary of bill, date, further details and how rep voted.
    Detail page for each rep??


    Android Files Needed:

    Activities:
    - Login
    - Create Account
    - Main (Search for reps)
    - Saved Reps List
    - Bill Detail
    - Rep Detail (shows list of votes)

    Fragments:
    - Rep List Fragment (used in both Find Rep and Saved Reps when listed)
    - Bill Detail Fragment
    - Rep Detail Fragment (used in both Find Rep and Saved Reps once tapped)

    Services:
    - Vote API

    Adapters:
    - Rep List Adapter
    - Rep Pager Adapter
    - Firebase Rep View Holder?
    - Firebase Rep List Adapter?


    Models:
    - Vote
    - Bill ?
    - Rep (name, congressId, state, chamber)
